TiKV config: Add log-related configuration items (#7425)
pingcap/docs: tikv-configuration-file.md

### `level` <span class="version-mark">New in v5.4.0</span>

+ The log level
+ Optional values: `"debug"`, `"info"`, `"warn"`, `"error"`, `"fatal"`
+ Default value: `"info"`

### `format` <span class="version-mark">New in v5.4.0</span>

+ The log format
+ Optional values: `"json"`, `"text"`
+ Default value: `"text"`

### `enable-timestamp` <span class="version-mark">New in v5.4.0</span>

+ Determines enable or disable the timestamp in the log
+ Optional values: `"true"`, `"false"`
+ Default value: `"true"`

## log.file <span class="version-mark">New in v5.4.0</span>

+ Configuration items related to the log file.

### `filename` <span class="version-mark">New in v5.4.0</span>

+ The log file. If this configuration item is not set, logs are output to "stderr" by default. If this configuration item is set, logs are output to the corresponding file.
+ Default value: `""`

### `max-size` <span class="version-mark">New in v5.4.0</span>

> + The maximum size of a single log file. When the file size is bigger than the value set by this configuration item, the system automatically divides the single file into multiple files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The maximum size of a single log file. When the file size is larger than the value set by this configuration item, the system automatically splits the single file into multiple files.
```
